MI300 radix sort, run length encode, and reduce by key optimizations (#674)
ROCm/rocPRIM: docs/concepts/type_traits.rst

.. meta::

>   :description: rocPRIM documentation and API reference library

Reviewer: metadata description should say:

Implementing traits for custom types in rocPRIM

>   :keywords: rocPRIM, ROCm, API, documentation

Reviewer: Keywords should be:

rocPRIM, ROCm, custom types, type traits

.. _type_traits:

********************************************************************

>  Implement traits for custom types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Implementing traits for custom types in rocPRIM
```

********************************************************************

Overview
========

This interface is designed to enable users to provide additional type trait information to rocPRIM, facilitating better compatibility with custom types.

> Custom types that implement arithmetic operators can behave like built-in arithmetic types; however, algorithms in rocPRIM may still interpret them as generic `struct` or `class` types. For some algorithms, processing methods differ between floating-point and integral types. Accurately describing custom types, therefore, is essential not only for performance optimization but also for ensuring correctness. The rocPRIM type traits interface allows users to supply custom trait information for their types, greatly enhancing compatibility between these types and rocPRIM algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accurately describing custom types is important for performance optimization and computational correctness. 

Custom types that implement arithmetic operators can behave like built-in arithmetic types but might still be interpreted by rocPRIM algorithms as generic ``struct`` or ``class`` types.

The rocPRIM type traits interface lets users add custom trait information for their types, improving compatibility between these types and rocPRIM algorithms.
```

I removed the part about the processing methods being different because it talked about floats and ints while the rest of the paragraph is talking about structs and classes, and I wasn't sure how it fit together. If you can explain that, I can add that part back in.

> This interface is strict but flexible, similar to operator overloading. Users should only implement traits as required by specific algorithms, and some traits cannot be defined if they can be inferred from others. Adhering to these rules is crucial for successful compilation. Fortunately, the interface provides clear error messages to guide users when issues arise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This interface is similar to operator overloading. 

Traits should implement traits as required by specific algorithms. Some traits can't be defined if they can be inferred from others. 
```

I removed the part about adhering to the rules because I think that's implied by there being rules.

However, I also removed it because I didn't see any rules in the file. Adding rules here (or a link to the rules at least) is important because otherwise the reader is sort of left wondering what these very important rules are.

.. meta::
  :description: Implementing traits for custom types in rocPRIM
  :keywords: rocPRIM, ROCm, custom types, type traits

.. _type_traits:

********************************************************************
 Implementing traits for custom types in rocPRIM
********************************************************************

Overview
========

This interface is designed to enable users to provide additional type trait information to rocPRIM, facilitating better compatibility with custom types.

Accurately describing custom types is important for performance optimization and computational correctness.

Custom types that implement arithmetic operators can behave like built-in arithmetic types but might still be interpreted by rocPRIM algorithms as generic ``struct`` or ``class`` types.

The rocPRIM type traits interface lets users add custom trait information for their types, improving compatibility between these types and rocPRIM algorithms.

This interface is similar to operator overloading.

> Traits should implement traits as required by specific algorithms. Some traits can't be defined if they can be inferred from others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traits should be implemented as required by specific algorithms. Some traits can't be defined if they can be inferred from others.
```

whoops! :)
